# Example module listing
#  use this as a reference to see what modules you need
#  for various services

#
# You probably dont need to modify anything in this section
#

# Basic system interfaces
content/common                  dharma
playlist/common                 dharma
datasource/common               dharma
codec/common                    dharma
datastream/input                dharma
datastream/filter               dharma
datastream/output               dharma

# Essential system components
core/events                     dharma
core/mediaplayer                dharma
core/playmanager                dharma
codec/codecmanager              dharma
datastream/filtermanager        dharma
datastream/outputmanager        dharma
datasource/datasourcemanager    dharma
playlist/simpleplaylist         dharma
datastream/outfilter            dharma
datastream/waveout              dharma
datastream/srcfilter            dharma

# System utilities
util/datastructures             dharma
util/debug                      dharma
util/diag                       dharma
util/eresult                    dharma
util/eventq                     dharma
util/ident                      dharma
util/rbuf                       dharma
util/registry   	        persistent
util/tchar                      dharma
util/timer                      dharma
test                            dharma

#
# Customize this section to meet your needs
#

# Your main module components
main                            dharma
main/ui/common                  dharma

# Device drivers we use
devs/audio                      record
devs/keyboard                   dharma
devs/lcd                        dharma
devs/storage/ata                hd_slave
#devs/ir                         dharma

# Codecs we use
codec/pcm                       dharma
codec/wav                       dharma
codec/wma                       dharma
codec/mp3/arm                   dharma
codec/mp3/id3v2                 dharma

# Interfaces we use
io/audio                        dharma
io/storage                      dharma

# Support for fat filesystems
#  requires io/storage and devs/storage/ata
fs/fat                          dharma
datastream/fatfile              dharma
datasource/fatdatasource        dharma

# Support for ISO9660 and CDDA CDs
#  requires io/storage and devs/storage/ata
fs/iso                          dharma
datastream/cddafile             dharma
datastream/isofile              dharma
datasource/cddatasource         dharma
io/bio                          dharma

# Support for freedb lookups on CDDA CDs
content/freedb                  dharma

# Support for line in as a stream
datastream/lineinput            dharma
datasource/lineindatasource     dharma

# Support for network streams
datastream/netstream            dharma
datasource/netdatasource        dharma

# Support for a serial user interface
main/ui/serial                  dharma

# or, support for a simple GUI
#main/ui/simplegui               dharma
#gui/simplegui/common            dharma
#gui/simplegui/show              dharma
#gui/simplegui/font              dharma
#gui/simplegui/screen            dharma
#gui/simplegui/screenelem/common     dharma
#gui/simplegui/screenelem/bitmap     dharma
#gui/simplegui/screenelem/drawregion dharma
#gui/simplegui/screenelem/textlabel  dharma

# Support for the simple content manager
#content/simplecontentmanager    dharma
#content/simplemetadata          dharma

# Support for the metakit content manager
content/metakitcontentmanager   dharma
content/metadatatable           dharma
util/metakit	               	dharma

# Support for playlist formats
playlist/plformat/common	dharma
playlist/plformat/manager	dharma
playlist/plformat/dpl		dharma

# Support for SRS audio post processing
#datastream/srsfilter            dharma

# Support for QSound audio post processing
#datastream/qsoundfilter         dharma

# Support for PEM MP3 encoding
#datastream/pempipe              dharma
#codec/mp3/pem                   dharma
#util/thread                     dharma
