codec/codecmanager              dharma
codec/common                    dharma
codec/mp3/arm                   dharma
codec/mp3/id3v2                 dharma
codec/pcm                       dharma
codec/wma                       dharma
content/common                  dharma
content/simplecontentmanager    dharma
content/simplemetadata          dharma
core/events                     dharma
core/mediaplayer                dharma
core/playmanager                dharma
datasource/common               dharma
datasource/datasourcemanager    dharma
datasource/netdatasource        dharma
datastream/filter               dharma
datastream/filtermanager        dharma
datastream/srcfilter			dharma
datastream/netstream            dharma
datastream/input                dharma
datastream/outfilter            dharma
datastream/output               dharma
datastream/outputmanager        dharma
datastream/waveout	            dharma
devs/audio                      dharma
devs/lcd                        dharma
devs/keyboard                   dharma
gui/simplegui/common            dharma
gui/simplegui/font              dharma
gui/simplegui/screen            dharma
gui/simplegui/screenelem/bitmap dharma
gui/simplegui/screenelem/common dharma
gui/simplegui/screenelem/drawregion dharma
gui/simplegui/screenelem/textlabel  dharma
gui/simplegui/show              dharma
io/audio                        dharma
main/demos/net                  dharma
main/ui/common                  dharma
#main/ui/serial                  dharma
main/ui/simplegui               dharma
playlist/common                 dharma
playlist/simpleplaylist         dharma
playlist/plformat/common        dharma
playlist/plformat/manager       dharma
util/datastructures             dharma
util/debug                      dharma
util/eventq                     dharma
util/eresult                    dharma
util/ident                      dharma
util/rbuf                       dharma
#util/registry                   dharma
util/registry                   persistent
util/tchar                      dharma
util/timer                      dharma
util/upnp/api					dharma
util/upnp/genlib                dharma
util/upnp/protocols             dharma
util/upnp/upnpdom				dharma
