devs/audio/v1_0                      record
devs/storage/ata/v1_0                allv2
datasource/netdatasource/v1_0        default
datastream/netstream/v1_0            default
datasource/lineindatasource/v1_0     default
datastream/lineinput/v1_0            default
main/demos/net/v1_0                  default
# the following are here to satisfy the dep tree
io/storage/v1_0                      default
datastream/input/v1_0                default
datastream/output/v1_0               default
util/registry/v1_0                   default
util/debug/v1_0                      default
util/ident/v1_0                      default
util/eresult/v1_0                    default
util/rbuf/v1_03                       default
util/tchar/v1_0                      default
util/datastructures/v1_0             default
util/timer/v1_0                      default
datasource/common/v1_0               default
content/common/v1_0                  default
playlist/common/v1_0                 default
codec/common/v1_0                    default
codec/codecmanager/v1_0              default
core/playmanager/v1_0                default
core/mediaplayer/v1_0                default
core/events/v1_0                     default
devs/keyboard/v1_0                   default
util/eventq/v1_0                     default
io/audio/v1_0                        default
datastream/outfilter/v1_0            default
datastream/filter/v1_0               default
datastream/filtermanager/v1_0        default
datastream/srcfilter/v1_0            default
datastream/waveout/v1_0              default
datasource/datasourcemanager/v1_0    default
datastream/outputmanager/v1_0        default
content/simplemetadata/v1_0          default
playlist/simpleplaylist/v1_0         default
content/simplecontentmanager/v1_0    default
