codec/codecmanager/v1_0              dharma
codec/common/v1_0                    dharma
codec/mp3/arm/v1_0                   dharma
codec/mp3/id3v2/v1_0                 dharma
codec/pcm/v1_0                       dharma
codec/wma/v1_0                       dharma
content/common/v1_0                  dharma
content/simplecontentmanager/v1_0    dharma
content/simplemetadata/v1_0          dharma
core/events/v1_0                     dharma
core/mediaplayer/v1_0                dharma
core/playmanager/v1_0                dharma
datasource/common/v1_0               dharma
datasource/datasourcemanager/v1_0    dharma
datasource/netdatasource/v1_0        dharma
datastream/filter/v1_0               dharma
datastream/filtermanager/v1_0        dharma
datastream/srcfilter/v1_0            dharma
datastream/netstream/v1_0            dharma
datastream/input/v1_0                dharma
datastream/outfilter/v1_0            dharma
datastream/output/v1_0               dharma
datastream/outputmanager/v1_0        dharma
datastream/waveout/v1_0	        dharma
devs/audio/v1_0                      dharma
devs/lcd/v1_0                        dharma
devs/keyboard/v1_0                   dharma
gui/simplegui/common/v1_0            dharma
gui/simplegui/font/v1_0              dharma
gui/simplegui/screen/v1_0            dharma
gui/simplegui/screenelem/bitmap/v1_0 dharma
gui/simplegui/screenelem/common/v1_0 dharma
gui/simplegui/screenelem/drawregion/v1_0 dharma
gui/simplegui/screenelem/textlabel/v1_0  dharma
gui/simplegui/show/v1_0              dharma
io/audio/v1_0                        dharma
main/demos/net/v1_0                  dharma
main/ui/common/v1_0                  dharma
#main/ui/serial/v1_0                  dharma
main/ui/simplegui/v1_0               dharma
playlist/common/v1_0                 dharma
playlist/simpleplaylist/v1_0         dharma
util/datastructures/v1_0             dharma
util/debug/v1_0                      dharma
util/eventq/v1_0                     dharma
util/eresult/v1_0                    dharma
util/ident/v1_0                      dharma
util/rbuf/v1_03                      dharma
util/registry/v1_0                   dharma
util/tchar/v1_0                      dharma
util/timer/v1_0                      dharma
