codec/codecmanager/v1_0              dharma
codec/common/v1_01                   dharma
codec/mp3/arm/v1_01                  dharma
codec/mp3/id3v2/v1_0                 dharma
codec/pcm/v1_01                      dharma
codec/wma/v1_01                      dharma
content/common/v1_0                  dharma
content/metakitcontentmanager/v1_0   dharma
content/metadatatable/v1_0           dharma
content/simplemetadata/v1_0          dharma
content/configurablemetadata/v1_0    dharma
core/events/v1_0                     dharma
core/mediaplayer/v1_01               dharma
core/playmanager/v1_0                dharma
datasource/common/v1_02              dharma
datasource/datasourcemanager/v1_0    dharma
datasource/cddatasource/v1_02        dharma
datasource/fatdatasource/v1_03       dharma
datasource/netdatasource/v1_03       dharma
datastream/cddafile/v1_0             dharma
datastream/fatfile/v1_0              dharma
datastream/filter/v1_0               dharma
datastream/filtermanager/v1_0        dharma
datastream/input/v1_0                dharma
datastream/isofile/v1_0              dharma
datastream/netstream/v1_0            dharma
datastream/outfilter/v1_0            dharma
datastream/output/v1_0               dharma
datastream/outputmanager/v1_0        dharma
datastream/waveout/v1_0              dharma
devs/audio/v1_0                      dharma
devs/lcd/v1_0                        small_lcd
devs/keyboard/v1_0                   dharma
devs/storage/ata/v1_02               hd_slave
fs/fat/v1_0                          dharma
fs/iso/v1_0                          dharma
gui/peg/current                      dharma
gui/peg/screendriver/v1_0            dharma
io/audio/v1_0                        dharma
io/storage/v1_01                     dharma
main/playlist/current                dharma
main/main/current                    dharma
main/ui/current                      dharma
main/ui/common/current               dharma
main/datastream/fatfile/current      dharma
playlist/common/v1_0                 dharma
playlist/simpleplaylist/v1_0         dharma
playlist/plformat/common/v1_0        dharma
playlist/plformat/dpl/v1_0           dharma
playlist/plformat/m3u/v1_0           dharma
playlist/plformat/manager/v1_0       dharma
util/datastructures/v1_0             dharma
util/debug/v1_0                      dharma
util/eventq/v1_0                     dharma
util/eresult/v1_0                    dharma
util/ident/v1_0                      dharma
util/metakit/v1_0                    dharma
util/rbuf/v1_0                       dharma
util/registry/v1_0                   persistent
util/tchar/v1_0                      unicode
util/timer/v1_0                      dharma
