codec/codecmanager/v1_01             dharma
codec/common/current                   dharma
codec/mp3/arm/v1_02                  dharma
codec/mp3/id3v2/v1_0                 dharma
codec/mp3/pem/v1_01					 dharma
codec/pcm/v1_02                      dharma
codec/wav/v1_0						 dharma
codec/wma/v1_04                      dharma
content/common/v1_0                  dharma
content/metadatatable/v1_0           dharma
content/simplemetadata/v1_0          dharma
content/configurablemetadata/v1_0    dharma
core/events/v1_02                    dharma
core/mediaplayer/v1_08               dharma
core/playmanager/v1_02               dharma
datasource/common/v1_02              dharma
datasource/datasourcemanager/v1_0    dharma
datastream/fatfile/v1_02             dharma
datastream/filter/v1_01              dharma
datastream/filtermanager/v1_0        dharma
datastream/input/v1_0                dharma
datastream/outfilter/v1_02           dharma
#datastream/srcfilter/v1_02			 dharma
datastream/output/v1_0               dharma
datastream/outputmanager/v1_0        dharma
datastream/waveout/v1_02             dharma
devs/audio/current                   cs42l50
devs/lcd/current               	     ks0713
devs/keyboard/v1_0                   dharma
devs/storage/ata/v1_04               hd_only
devs/jogdial			     default
fs/fat/v1_01                         dharma
gui/peg/current                      proscrn1
gui/peg/screendriver/current         proscrn1
io/audio/current                     dharma
io/storage/v1_01                     dharma
main/playlist/pogoplaylist/current   dharma
main/playlist/plformat/dpl/current	 dharma
main/playlist/plformat/m3u/current	 dharma
main/main/current                    dharma
main/ui/current                      dharma
main/ui/common/current               dharma
main/datastream/fatfile/current      dharma
main/datastream/lineinput/current	 dharma
main/util/datastructures/current	 dharma
main/util/filenamestore/current		 dharma
main/datasource/fatdatasource/current dharma
main/datasource/lineindatasource/current dharma
main/content/metakitcontentmanager/current dharma
#main/testharness/current			 dharma		#disable for non-debug build
playlist/common/v1_0                 dharma
playlist/plformat/common/v1_0        dharma
playlist/plformat/manager/v1_0       dharma
util/datastructures/current          dharma
util/debug/v1_0                      dharma
util/eventq/v1_0                     dharma
util/eresult/v1_0                    dharma
util/ident/v1_0                      dharma
util/metakit/v1_0                    dharma
util/rbuf/v1_02                      dharma
util/registry/v1_01                  persistent
util/tchar/v1_01                     unicode
util/thread/v1_0					 dharma
util/timer/v1_0                      dharma
#test/current						 dharma