devs/storage/ata/current       		    hd_only
devs/audio/current              	    cs42l50
devs/lcd/current                	    ks0713	
devs/keyboard/current                   dharma
devs/jogdial                            default
devs/lock                               default
util/datastructures/v1_0                dharma
util/debug/v1_0                         dharma
util/eventq/v1_0                        dharma
util/tchar/v1_01                         default
io/storage/v1_01                        dharma
core/events/v1_0                        dharma
test/factory			        default
gui/peg/screendriver/current         proscrn1
gui/peg/current                      proscrn1
util/datastructures/current          dharma
util/debug/v1_0                      dharma
util/eventq/v1_0                     dharma
util/eresult/v1_0                    dharma
util/tchar/v1_01                     unicode
util/thread/v1_0					 dharma
util/timer/v1_0                      dharma