# path in project tree                   path in install tree
support/webroot/banner.htm               webroot/banner.htm
support/webroot/border.htm               webroot/border.htm
support/webroot/djstyle.css              webroot/djstyle.css
support/webroot/frame_right.htm          webroot/frame_right.htm
support/webroot/images/A.gif             webroot/images/A.gif
support/webroot/images/B.gif             webroot/images/B.gif
support/webroot/images/bg_frameB.gif     webroot/images/bg_frameB.gif
support/webroot/images/bg_frameC.gif     webroot/images/bg_frameC.gif
support/webroot/images/b_album0.gif      webroot/images/b_album0.gif
support/webroot/images/b_album1.gif      webroot/images/b_album1.gif
support/webroot/images/b_artist0.gif     webroot/images/b_artist0.gif
support/webroot/images/b_artist1.gif     webroot/images/b_artist1.gif
support/webroot/images/b_genre0.gif      webroot/images/b_genre0.gif
support/webroot/images/b_genre1.gif      webroot/images/b_genre1.gif
support/webroot/images/b_playlist0.gif   webroot/images/b_playlist0.gif
support/webroot/images/b_playlist1.gif   webroot/images/b_playlist1.gif
support/webroot/images/clear.gif         webroot/images/clear.gif
support/webroot/images/fp_A.gif          webroot/images/fp_A.gif
support/webroot/images/fp_B.gif          webroot/images/fp_B.gif
support/webroot/images/fp_C.gif          webroot/images/fp_C.gif
support/webroot/images/fp_D.gif          webroot/images/fp_D.gif
support/webroot/images/fp_Eblack.gif     webroot/images/fp_Eblack.gif
support/webroot/images/fp_Egreen.gif     webroot/images/fp_Egreen.gif
support/webroot/images/fp_Ered.gif       webroot/images/fp_Ered.gif
support/webroot/images/fp_logo.gif       webroot/images/fp_logo.gif
support/webroot/images/header.gif        webroot/images/header.gif
support/webroot/images/navbg.gif         webroot/images/navbg.gif
support/webroot/index.htm                webroot/index.htm
